Dev cleanup (#420)
PyFstat/PyFstat: README.md

[examples](https://github.com/PyFstat/PyFstat/tree/master/examples), demonstrating different use cases.
You can run them locally, or online as jupyter notebooks with
[binder](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/PyFstat/PyFstat/master).
* New contributors are encouraged to have a look into

> [how to set up a development environment](#contributing-to-pyfstat)

Author: redundant with L10

[pull request](https://github.com/PyFstat/PyFstat/compare).

Here's what you need to know:

> * As a developer, you should ideally install directly from a git clone,
>   with either `pip install -e .[dev]` into a venv

Author: ```suggestion
* As a developer, you should install directly from a git clone,
  with either `pip install -e .[dev]` into some environment
```

>   or creating a conda environment from the

Author: ```suggestion
  or creating a development-enabled conda environment directly from the
```

>   [pyfstat-dev.yml file](https://github.com/PyFstat/PyFstat/blob/dev-cleanup/etc/pyfstat-dev.yml)

Author: Please also run, just once after installing:
  ```
  pre-commit install
  ```

  This sets up everything for automated code quality tests (see below)
  to be checked for you at every commit.

>   [pyfstat-dev.yml file](https://github.com/PyFstat/PyFstat/blob/dev-cleanup/etc/pyfstat-dev.yml)

Author: ```suggestion
  `pyfstat-dev.yml` file
```

>   as explained on [this wiki page](https://github.com/PyFstat/PyFstat/wiki/conda-environments).

Author: ```suggestion
  as explained on [this wiki page](https://github.com/PyFstat/PyFstat/wiki/conda-environments).
  Please also run, just once after installing:
  ```
  pre-commit install
  ```

  This sets up everything for automated code quality tests (see below)
  to be checked for you at every commit.
```

* The github automated tests currently run on `python` [3.7,3.8,3.9,3.10]
  and new PRs need to pass all these.
* You can also run the full test suite locally via `pytest tests/`,
  or run individual tests as explained
  [on this page](https://docs.pytest.org/en/6.2.x/usage.html#specifying-tests-selecting-tests).
* The automated test on github also runs
  the [black](https://black.readthedocs.io) style checker,
  the [flake8](https://flake8.pycqa.org/en/latest/) linter,
  and the [isort](https://pycqa.github.io/isort/) import ordering helper.

> * If you have installed the dev dependencies correctly via pip or conda,
>   then you're ready to let the `pre-commit` tool do all of this automatically for you.
>   Just run once after installing:
>   ```
>   pre-commit install
>   ```
> 
>   and then these checks will be automatically executed,

Author: ```suggestion
* If you have installed the dev dependencies correctly via pip or conda,
  and ran `pre-commit install` once,
  then you're ready to let the `pre-commit` tool do all of this automatically for youm
```
